Now we have
come to the Q&A section
of our presentation.
We will address a few selected questions
submitted by our attendees in the zoom
chat.
The first question is,
what is the difference between an owner
and property owner.
This question addresses
the definition chapter of the code book.
So let's go to that slide.
The owner refers
to the entity that owns the portal pair,
whereas the property owner
is the entity that owns the property
where a portal is installed.
This means that a portal pair
can have the same
or different property
owners for each portal
within that pair.
A frequent follow up
question is about the change in ownership.
So if the owner of the property changes,
it has to be notified
to us, the Department of Portals
within one month of the change.
You can do this through the manufacturer's
phone application
or visit the DOP office in person,
providing the necessary materials.
If the owner changes,
meaning that the portal payer
is either sold or gifted to someone else,
you simply have to follow
the application process,
which is also available on the app
or in person.
If a portal is being migrated,
in which case it's
the property owner that could change.
You typically submit
a migration request from the app
and the manufacturer will take care
of the migration and information update.
Another frequently asked question is
how to repair a disconnected portal.
If we go to the slide where defines
the difference between deactivation and disconnection...
As we can see,
that disconnection,
which happens in the case of an emergency
shutdown, ends
the life of the portal aperture pair.
The only way to repair
this is to replace the aperture pair.
For many newer models of portal,
the manufacturer can ship aperture
replacement particles to you.
After proper
inspection of the frame condition.
If the frame
is damaged in a way
that makes it unable to function properly,
or if you have an older model
that doesn't support aperture
replacement, you will have to schedule
a frame replacement,
which entails the uninstallation
of the disconnected portal frames
and installation of a replacement
portal pair.
This process usually takes several months.
All the above will be taken care of
by the manufacturer if proper insurance
is in place, and any changes
in information such as damage report,
activation date will be updated by either
the inspector or the manufacturer.
And that concludes our presentation.
If you have any further questions,
either for the Department of Portals
or for our licensed manufacturer,
you can submit them online
or through our call center.
Thank you all for your attending.